Improve cascaded values/params content (#14103)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components.md

}
```

To cascade multiple values of the same type within the same subtree, provide a unique `Name` string to each `CascadingValue` component and its corresponding `CascadingParameter`. In the following example, two `CascadingValue` components cascade different instances of `MyCascadingParameterType` by name:

```cshtml
<CascadingValue Value=@ParentCascadeParameter1 Name="CascadeParam1">
    ...
</CascadingValue>

<CascadingValue Value=@ParentCascadeParameter2 Name="CascadeParam2">
    ...
</CascadingValue>

@code {

>     [Parameter]

Reviewer: I would remove `[Parameter]` on both. It could be a field, prop or parameter.
It kinda suggests that the CascadingValue should have a `[Parameter]` attribute.

Reviewer: The `CascadingValue`'s should be nested, but perhaps you put them side-by-side for readability.

```
<CascadingValue Value=@ParentCascadeParameter1 Name="CascadeParam1">
   <CascadingValue Value=@ParentCascadeParameter2 Name="CascadeParam2">
    ...
    </CascadingValue>
</CascadingValue>
```

    public MyCascadingType ParentCascadeParameter1 { get; set; }
    
    [Parameter]
    public MyCascadingType ParentCascadeParameter2 { get; set; }
}
```

> In a decendent component, the cascaded parameters receive their values from the coorosponding cascaded values in the ancestor component by name:

Reviewer: corresponding

Author: ooops! :smile:

Author: ```suggestion
In a descendant component, the cascaded parameters receive their values from the corresponding cascaded values in the ancestor component by name:
```
